README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README and add documentation files
- Revised README.md to provide a clearer overview of the Moods web app, including its purpose and links to production and development sites.
- Added new documentation files: goals.md and tasks.md for project organization and planning.

README.md, after:

# Moods

> Moods is a simple, intuitive web app for tracking your daily emotions. Log moods, discover patterns, and gain insights to boost well-being. Stay mindful and improve mental health with personalized mood analytics, reminders, and easy-to-use mood journaling.

You can reach the site here...

- [Moods - Production](https://moods.lovelyvector.com/)
- [Moods - Development](https://dev.moods.lovelyvector.com/)

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Technologis Used

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [React](https://react.dev/)
- [Nextjs](https://nextjs.org/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

### Technology Documentation

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/)
- [React](https://react.dev/reference/react)
- [Nextjs](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)

## Deploy on Vercel

I have two branches deployed to [Vercel](https://vercel.com/).

- [Moods - Production](https://moods.lovelyvector.com/)
- [Moods - Development](https://dev.moods.lovelyvector.com/)
